update README on triggering a new release (#54)
digitalocean/do-operator: README.md

1. Create release manifest files by running `IMG_TAG=vX.Y.Z make release-manifests`
2. Create and merge PR
3. [Trigger the `release` GitHub action workflow](https://github.com/digitalocean/do-operator/actions/workflows/release.yml)
    - Draft a new release [here](https://github.com/digitalocean/do-operator/releases) for the new version

>     - Creating a new tag will trigger a new release as defined in the [release.yml](https://github.com/digitalocean/do-operator/blob/main/.github/workflows/release.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Creating a new release will trigger the [release](https://github.com/digitalocean/do-operator/actions/workflows/release.yml) Github Action
    - Follow the [release](https://github.com/digitalocean/do-operator/actions/workflows/release.yml) Github Action until successful completion.
```
